Dawn Abriel: How do you say your name.
Dawn Abriel: Elena Elena. Okay, I have three friends with that name, and they they pronounce it differently. All three of them and pronounce it differently. So I'm I'm Dr brielle and you're with life link right
LML211BL: Oh yes ma'am, and
Dawn Abriel: It. Have you been with life thing for a while, or are you just starting
LML211BL: I'm just getting started. Now,
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so you don't know who your therapist is yet. Do you
LML211BL: Know, man.
Dawn Abriel: All right, well, we will figure that out because the contract that we have with life. Link is that they do the group work they do the individual therapy and your therapist will let me know that you've shown up for therapy and that way I can continue to do the
Dawn Abriel: Right, the medicine for you.
LML211BL: I know
Dawn Abriel: The group that the life link, people are going into is the Tuesday at
Dawn Abriel: Noon. Would that work for you.
LML211BL: Tuesday and on. Yeah. That shouldn't be a problem at all.
Dawn Abriel: Super. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: It's a brand new group there. There are a couple of people who have transferred from a different time that are more who know the ropes. So you can ask them questions. But there are also lots of new people. So you we wanted to have a group where you guys would feel feel
Dawn Abriel: Develop a community of your on for the recovery.
LML211BL: So,
Dawn Abriel: I started a note for you. Let me just get it started here.
Dawn Abriel: Are open. I did already started.
Dawn Abriel: About how far are you from Santa Fe.
LML211BL: Albuquerque like men town so i i guess it'd be like 45 minutes to an hour.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, so about
Dawn Abriel: 70 miles.
LML211BL: And you said
LML211BL: Where the therapy sessions. Right.
Dawn Abriel: Those are the group that's where you meet with me. That's you show up for that group and I get a note from your therapist that you've done therapy and then I can write your prescription
LML211BL: Okay, I was just writing it down.
Dawn Abriel: So I am trying to follow a new kind of
Dawn Abriel: Template that they created for us. I'm not convinced yet that it's easier than what I used to do. But we will see. So reason for visit. This is a new onset opiate
Dawn Abriel: You started using opiates. How long ago.
LML211BL: Since I was 13
LML211BL: So around 7070 years
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: And I assume that's daily
Dawn Abriel: And how much
LML211BL: What, yes.
Dawn Abriel: What quantity IV grams or pills, which
LML211BL: IV usage and it would be like I at least a grammar Saudi. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And the last time you used, how many hours ago.
LML211BL: It's been a few days. Okay, like three days because I did relapse. Now that I got out of jail because I recently got out of jail and before that I was using like non prescribed John's boxing in jail, and they are in there.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so it's been about 72 hours then
LML211BL: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: You have you haven't had anything. No Suboxone or anything.
LML211BL: Well, no.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And have you used anything else in the last few days.
LML211BL: And they're
Dawn Abriel: gonna answer fans those LSD stimulants.
Dawn Abriel: Nothing else.
LML211BL: Okay, no man.
LML211BL: Or
LML211BL: I did smoke weed. The other day
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: If you notice that you had the start using more and more opioid to get the same effect and to avoid withdrawal.
Dawn Abriel: Right now.
Dawn Abriel: What kind of symptoms. Do you have
LML211BL: I'm starting to get back to normal like to where I can be more social and like be more approachable. I guess you can say
LML211BL: But um yesterday it was more of where I was still like in bed and I couldn't really get up early and wake up until like four other than the small amount of time that I spent on the phone with you guys. Um,
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: Without a word I need
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, that the physical things right now. Do you have any physical symptoms.
LML211BL: Are my body's in my body is kind of just hurting. I guess like my bones. Still, and I'm still like I'm not constantly by so frequently like I'm have like cold sweats and stuff.
LML211BL: I don't know how to explain it.
LML211BL: may start recruiting, I guess.
Dawn Abriel: But no, diarrhea, you're not no watery eyes or nose.
LML211BL: Oh yeah, my nose has been very watery up until like a few hours. Well, not even a few hours ago. Like I just, I just got out of the shower. So I feel a lot better at the moment, you know,
Dawn Abriel: Right, okay.
LML211BL: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: All right.
Dawn Abriel: And has the opioid use resulted in other problems in your life financial problems.
Dawn Abriel: Problems with
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Okay. And the inner personal problems.
LML211BL: What does that mean,
Dawn Abriel: That means not being able to kind of maintain a relationship because they get angry with you or tell you you should stop and they give up on you, that sort of thing.
LML211BL: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Minimal significant somewhat
LML211BL: I'm significant okay
Dawn Abriel: And obviously legal problems.
Dawn Abriel: And with art with
Dawn Abriel: Work occupation has it gotten in the way of your continuing school or continuing job training.
LML211BL: Um, yeah. The last time I had a job like for a consistent like
LML211BL: A like a good amount of time. I ended up after two years relaxing and I ended up quitting my job just shortly after. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And activities of daily living, you bathe yourself and feed yourself and do all of that. So that hasn't been an issue.
LML211BL: Yeah, I mean I hardly eat when I use, you know, yeah, right.
Dawn Abriel: Do you find yourself in dangerous situations.
LML211BL: Oh yeah, more, more often than I'd like to admit
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: This Asperger failed work and school obligations, did you quit school early
LML211BL: Oh yeah, I stopped going to school in ninth grade, okay.
Dawn Abriel: You didn't have any clonidine. So you weren't detoxing on your own.
Dawn Abriel: Because I wanted to
LML211BL: Um, it was kind of breaking in the video. I couldn't exactly hear you.
Dawn Abriel: And I this wants to know whether you were trying to detox because you wanted to, or you just couldn't get ahold of any medicine and you couldn't get the appointment in time.
LML211BL: For the most players just because I wanted to. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: All right. Let's, um, would you say that your
Dawn Abriel: Self esteem is good.
LML211BL: I'm making I'm feeling like I would be successful in the program.
Dawn Abriel: No feeling that you're a good person. You're you deserve the treatment.
Dawn Abriel: That's that sort of thing.
Dawn Abriel: You think you're a worthwhile human
LML211BL: Yeah, I believe so. I'm like my motivation right now is like I'm a lot more late
LML211BL: I have a lot more motivation right now than what I did just a few months ago, or even just a few weeks ago because I recently lost my mom and it's been really hard for me to get back to where I actually like care about stuff, you know. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: When did you lose your mother.
LML211BL: I'm sorry.
LML211BL: Oh, it's been around five months is right before I have
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you know what your blood type is
LML211BL: No.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'm going to list a lot of physical problems just stop me if any of them apply to you any head injury any I am here I ear, nose, throat problems. Any breathing difficulties asthma pneumonia.
Do you don't have any boom.
Dawn Abriel: And how old were you when you were diagnosed with asthma.
LML211BL: I'm, I'm pretty sure I was probably like 10 or something like that. I'm not too sure. I don't remember. Mm hmm.
Dawn Abriel: And do you take medicine for it now.
LML211BL: No. Not currently. I have yet to get in contact and make the primary care physician for myself, I still haven't been able to do that.
Dawn Abriel: When was the last time you had an asthma attack.
LML211BL: It's been a while. Probably at least a few years. So it hasn't been affecting me anymore. But, I mean, the last time I went to the doctor, they still, they still told me about it. So I'm not sure. Sure.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, no new moles or skin rashes, you don't have problems with your thyroid diabetes anemia cancer sexually transmitted diseases, HIV, and never tested positive for tuberculosis.
Epilepsy.
Dawn Abriel: severe headaches, a stroke bipolar depression.
Dawn Abriel: hallucinations or delusions and any suicidal thoughts or attempts or
Dawn Abriel: They call it suicidal ideation thinking about killing yourself.
LML211BL: No. Okay.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Liver Disease, you don't have gallbladder disease heartburn hemorrhoids hepatitis, you don't have hepatitis C from the IV use
LML211BL: Oh yeah i i did test positive for it, but it's been like it's a few years, but they did tell me at that time that the antibodies. We saw that there was a possibility of it I'm going away on its own, but I haven't been back to the doctors offices and
Dawn Abriel: Okay, that's one of the reasons you will have to go get your blood drawn for bright heart health and for life, Link. You'll do it for brain, heart health, and then we'll send them the results, but
Dawn Abriel: You'll have to go to a quest lab and call first to get an appointment and make sure that they, you know, have safety protocols, most of them do. Now, but
Dawn Abriel: Some people like and avoid making them go get labs, but for people who are IV drug users, I have to have a baseline of what your liver is is up to these days.
LML211BL: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And I won't be able to write a second prescription until you get that done. So put that on the
Dawn Abriel: Quest lab.
Dawn Abriel: So no sinus infections, you don't have dentures or hearing aids. You weren't born with a heart murmur.
Dawn Abriel: Know, high blood pressure or blood clots in your kidneys and bladder work normally
LML211BL: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Do you identify as having anxiety.
LML211BL: Oh, yes.
Dawn Abriel: Anything else that you have that I did not. I
Dawn Abriel: Asked you about
LML211BL: Um, no ma'am, I don't believe so. Other than I guess PTSD and depression.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I said, depression, but you probably didn't hear me.
LML211BL: Oh, I apologize.
LML211BL: I'm saying
Dawn Abriel: And how long ago, were you diagnosed with PTSD.
LML211BL: Um, the first time I was diagnosed with it. Um, which
LML211BL: It was probably around the age 15 or 16 when I went to UCLA hospital because I was an inpatient rehab there and be hated for addiction and behavioral health
LML211BL: And yeah, so it was around when I was 15 okay
Dawn Abriel: So you've had some therapy.
LML211BL: Yes, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: And have you had any surgeries.
Dawn Abriel: So you have your tonsils and your gallbladder and your appendix, and your wisdom teeth.
LML211BL: Yes, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: And is your mother.
Dawn Abriel: She died and how old was she when she died.
LML211BL: I'm not sure, but it was either 37 or 36 I want to say 37 though we weren't that close up until recently.
Dawn Abriel: And from what did she die.
LML211BL: She overdosed.
Dawn Abriel: What was she addicted to
LML211BL: I'm she was actually an alcoholic. But she's the type person. I'll just do like everything or whenever she had the chance. And I guess she ended up doing her, and that's what what did it.
Dawn Abriel: And your father. Is he alive and in good health.
Norman
Dawn Abriel: He's deceased also
Dawn Abriel: Yes. How old was he when he died.
LML211BL: He was like 70 around 70 Sunday for
LML211BL: Those when I was 15
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so I i'm I'm a little confused.
Dawn Abriel: Your mother just died five months ago and she was only 37
LML211BL: I'm not too sure. Um, we see 20 2040 okay she probably would have been like 40 because I'm 20 now and I believe she had me when she was around 17 anywhere in between 17 and 20 my relationship with my biological parents, isn't that good. So, okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you know what your father died from
LML211BL: Um, he had diabetes. So I believe there was like a blood clot of some sort.
LML211BL: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And did you have brothers and sisters
LML211BL: A half brothers and sisters, but that's all
Dawn Abriel: Alright and tell me about smoking tobacco.
LML211BL: A daily at least a pack a day.
Dawn Abriel: And when did you start
LML211BL: When I was 10 say
Dawn Abriel: Okay 10 years old and have you ever tried to quit.
LML211BL: No, not. No. No.
Dawn Abriel: Well, just to let you know it is much easier to quit when you're on Suboxone
LML211BL: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, so, and tell me about alcohol for you.
LML211BL: Um, it's never been a big problem. I have used it before, but it hasn't been something that is like a drug of choice of mine or anything like that.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And do you eat healthy meals or do you have more than three fast food or processed foods, a week.
LML211BL: Um, now that I've been out, I guess. No, I'm still eating pretty healthy, it's mostly homemade stuff.
Dawn Abriel: You get regular exercise.
LML211BL: I'm
LML211BL: Not like moderately not not very much, though not as much as I'd like to
Dawn Abriel: Do you take an aspirin every day.
As
LML211BL: I know. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have a household smoke detector where you're living
LML211BL: Oh yes, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: Are there any gun. Guns in your home.
LML211BL: No, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: Do you wear your seat belts.
LML211BL: I'm sorry.
LML211BL: Yes. So breaking up a little bit so
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. Are you sexually active.
LML211BL: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And you practice safe sex you avoid unwanted pregnancies.
LML211BL: Oh yes, ma'am. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And you're female and you identify as female, yes.
Dawn Abriel: Did you ever use benzodiazepines for fun, Danny bars annex Ambien
LML211BL: Maybe like one maybe once or twice their own mental life but not much. Other than that, okay.
Dawn Abriel: And the last time was years ago months ago.
LML211BL: I'm probably a few months ago, I believe it was when I was still incarcerated.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you were born and raised where
LML211BL: I'm I was born in Albuquerque. But I was raised in Espanol and I'm like, oh, just born in the hospital here. Um, and that's pretty much it. I lived in. I lived in Espanol up until I was 12 and then I moved to Santa Fe.
Dawn Abriel: And tell me about the marijuana. You started at what age and
The last time around.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and
LML211BL: I mean weeks. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have children.
LML211BL: You know,
Dawn Abriel: How far did you go in school.
LML211BL: Of ninth grade.
Dawn Abriel: And what kind of work, have you been doing, or have you done
LML211BL: Um, it's mostly been through like customer service stuff like I was assistant manager at Sonic for two years. Other than that, I've worked at Starbucks. I've worked at Walmart every dominoes, but it's it's mostly been the fast food places.
Dawn Abriel: Okay and methamphetamine first time and last time.
LML211BL: I'm first time would be at least when I was like 16 the last time would be like a few days ago. Last time I use heroin.
Dawn Abriel: So I was asking you about math.
Dawn Abriel: Methamphetamine heroin.
LML211BL: Yeah, I used it around the last time that I use that
Dawn Abriel: Okay, how about cocaine.
LML211BL: No.
Dawn Abriel: You've never tried it.
LML211BL: Oh yeah, I've tried it before. It's been a long time though it's been at least since I was 14 or 15
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And do you have any housing insecurity, or you're not homeless right now.
LML211BL: What was the question again say it just like froze.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, with whom do you live.
LML211BL: I'm currently Live Link has helped me with an extended stay and I'm staying here, up until when I get house, which we're aiming for at least the first of the month, hopefully.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And what do you like to do for fun.
LML211BL: I like to write poetry and I also like to mostly just writing pushy. And just like journaling and stuff like that. I guess going for walks and stuff also helps. And I've been watching a lot of TV more than what I'd like to, and recently.
Dawn Abriel: We all have
LML211BL: You and
Dawn Abriel: You're on probation right now.
LML211BL: Yes, ma'am. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have a religious perfect preference.
LML211BL: Um, I guess, Christian, but I'm not specific about it. I'm more spiritual than religious
Dawn Abriel: And are you in a relationship right now.
LML211BL: And no. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And let's see. I think that's enough of that. Let's go to. How old were you when you first started having periods.
LML211BL: Around 13
Dawn Abriel: Any abnormal periods. Any problems with your uterus.
LML211BL: No.
LML211BL: I am I am currently on birth control, though, and I don't exactly get a period right now because I'm I
LML211BL: Have the implement in my arm.
LML211BL: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And it's still active.
LML211BL: I yeah I haven't had a chance to releasing a new one. And I do believe that it has expired, but I still haven't received the period or anything like that.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, don't, don't count on that not getting you pregnant. Go get it replaced
Dawn Abriel: Ask life link to help you. They'll help you see a doctor and get it replaced
Dawn Abriel: Have you ever been pregnant.
LML211BL: Oh, no.
Dawn Abriel: All right.
Dawn Abriel: Now I'm going to ask you a really long list of symptoms, but don't say yes to any of them that are withdraw.
LML211BL: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Fever, night sweats chills cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking a lot eating a lot red eyes double vision.
Dawn Abriel: Blurred vision loss of vision difficulty hearing, hearing loss ear drainage are ringing in your ears bloody nose nasal congestion sore lips or mouse or tongue.
Dawn Abriel: Neck lumps stiffness pain, difficulty breathing shortness of breath. Can't breathe while you're lying down irregular heartbeat, chest pain, swelling in your lower legs or varicose veins, diarrhea, you have constipation from being on the opioids.
LML211BL: Oh, yes. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Vomiting rest of the pain, abdominal pain.
Dawn Abriel: Pino
Dawn Abriel: Paying with pain from urination blood in your urine penal lot pain to little change in hair, skin or nail texture new malls new rashes.
Dawn Abriel: limp, muscle pain tender points back pain, muscle pain, headaches, lightheadedness, dizziness, fainting numbness, tingling weakness tremor lack of coordination difficulty speaking changing mood depression.
Dawn Abriel: Sadness interfering with your function, I will put positive for anxiety. Do you have sleep disturbance
LML211BL: Well, yes.
Dawn Abriel: Getting to sleep or staying asleep.
LML211BL: Getting to sleep.
Dawn Abriel: But no suicidal thoughts you don't feel hopeless, you're not seeing or hearing things that other people don't.
LML211BL: Know,
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you don't bruise easily
LML211BL: No, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: Good and
Dawn Abriel: You're not taking any prescription medicines. Do you know what the name of your implant is
LML211BL: I believe it's just the next to them.
Dawn Abriel: Say it again.
LML211BL: Next time,
Dawn Abriel: Like any x i see lol in
LML211BL: Um, let me see that.
Doesn't
LML211BL: Be an E x p n o m
Dawn Abriel: Oh, there it is.
Dawn Abriel: Gotcha. Okay, so it's the 68 milligram
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and nothing else.
LML211BL: No, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And do you have any allergies to medicines.
Dawn Abriel: Even better.
Dawn Abriel: And this question is to help us just rule out any early dementia you bathe yourself and clothe yourself and feed yourself. We know where you are who you are. You make your own decisions. You have a memory that's appropriate for your age, you can focus and you can read
LML211BL: Yes, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: Good. Now I'm going to want you to get your pulse and I'll show you how to do that.
Dawn Abriel: You have a muscle that goes from your jaw down to your neck and right in front of that muscle. So take your right hand and feel your left net. There you go right in front of the muscle.
Dawn Abriel: You should hear feel a thump, thump, thump. If you push too hard, you block it off so you kind of have to be you feel it.
LML211BL: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'll tell you when to start counting. Hold on.
Dawn Abriel: Now,
Dawn Abriel: Stop what number
Dawn Abriel: How tall are you,
LML211BL: About five four
Dawn Abriel: And your current weight.
LML211BL: This 170
Dawn Abriel: I want you to get real close to the camera and pull your eyelid down so I can see under your eyelid.
Dawn Abriel: That's good. Okay, let go, relax.
Dawn Abriel: Make your eyes go all the way to the right.
Dawn Abriel: Left.
Dawn Abriel: Up and down.
Dawn Abriel: Good look straight ahead, and breathe out of either side of you knows
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Stick your tongue out and open your mouth really wide and move your tongue, side to side.
Dawn Abriel: Ah, perfect. Close your mouth bite down your teeth fit. Normally, and you don't have any job paid
LML211BL: No, I'm
Good.
Dawn Abriel: Bring your head up just a little bit and let me see you swallow.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, there's no tenderness and no lumps in your neck right
LML211BL: Now,
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Take a big deep breath. Let me see your how your chest rises.
Dawn Abriel: All right.
Dawn Abriel: Good. And I want you to push on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left, and tell me there's no lumps or bumps or pain when you push around
LML211BL: No.
Good.
Dawn Abriel: Then make the camera, calm down and let me see your ankles, that there's no swelling in your ankles.
Dawn Abriel: Great. OK. And now let me see you pull against your fingers.
Dawn Abriel: Good. And let me see. Tap your fingers against your thumb.
Dawn Abriel: Perfect. Alright.
Dawn Abriel: So let's talk about the program.
Dawn Abriel: The group on Tuesday at noon means it has to be like this. There can't be only one walking around, because if someone were to walk in and see someone they knew on the screen that would just be really terrible, right. You wouldn't want that happening to you.
Dawn Abriel: So you make sure that no one can come in for the hour that you're in, in group therapy.
Dawn Abriel: Before you go to group, you have to fill out the BAM. You did one similar, but every week. I look at them because people can't talk about everything that's going on for them so
Dawn Abriel: I look at everyone's BAM every single week. And if I see that you're having problems. I might ask to talk with you individually. So
Dawn Abriel: That has to be done before you come to group and it can be done an hour before or the day before. You just want don't want to wait to the last minute because
Dawn Abriel: It, it, you have to check in for the group at least a half an hour ahead of time because there are a lot of people checking in to various groups around the country so
Dawn Abriel: Make sure you've got something to read, you know, you're, you're going to sometimes you're on hold for a while to check into group.
LML211BL: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So after we're done. I want you to go back to bright heart health, go back to the virtual clinic, like you did to check in with me and and say to them, show me how to do a Bam.
Dawn Abriel: And show me how to do the ACE survey. It's the ACE is just one time you answer 10 questions, but it gives us a good idea of what happened to you in your early childhood.
LML211BL: Okay, but as clinic and what was the other one.
Dawn Abriel: It's an ace. It's a survey.
LML211BL: The as all the
Dawn Abriel: Other is the brief addiction monitor the band.
Dawn Abriel: You say the doc wants me to do a Bam, and an ace.
LML211BL: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: The other thing that they can do is they can tell you which the closest quest lab is for you.
LML211BL: Yeah, I believe they already had told me, and I wrote it down.
Dawn Abriel: Super. Okay, great.
Dawn Abriel: Then eat it once a month, you will get a manila envelope like this.
Dawn Abriel: And when you get it, do not open it. If you open it, they won't use it.
Dawn Abriel: To go. You have to go to the virtual clinic and say, Hey, I got one of these. What do I. What do I do, and they'll say, Okay, open it in front of us. And then you'll take one of these out and you'll open this in front of them.
Dawn Abriel: Then you'll you'll leave your phone here you'll go to the bathroom and fill this or you give
Dawn Abriel: Some urine. Put it in there with the leg, nice and tight. Bring it back, and then you'll slowly move this in front of the camera, and then they will read the results. And that's your urine drug screen for the month.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And those results will be available to life link also I think life link does a different kind. They do a mouth swab every week, but
You know,
Dawn Abriel: And I don't know what your parole.
Dawn Abriel: stipulates but
Dawn Abriel: You do also want to make sure that you've signed a release of information for your parole officer.
LML211BL: So,
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, already do that.
LML211BL: No, I'm not.
Dawn Abriel: So when you go back to the virtual clinic, tell them that you need to do that also
Dawn Abriel: Okay, it's called an R. Oh, I release of information.
Dawn Abriel: So you're going to go get your labs you know about the urine drug screens.
Dawn Abriel: I right
Dawn Abriel: He prescriptions electronic
Dawn Abriel: So you won't ever get a piece of paper with your prescription, you told them.
Dawn Abriel: Care Coordinator which pharmacy you wanted to use. And that's where the script will go now.
Dawn Abriel: Given that you've been off of everything for three days. My guess is that one strip is going to be plenty. So let's start with that and see how you do. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Have you, what were you taken in the past.
LML211BL: Now recently.
Dawn Abriel: Well, the last time you took Suboxone buprenorphine.
LML211BL: Oh, I had to do like a whole strip in the morning and then I do like half of one in the afternoon.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, don't ever take don't ever divided up like that that you don't get the full blood level. It's never supposed to be divided up
Dawn Abriel: You take and you take the full dose. First thing in the morning. If it turns out that you need that other half when I check in with you next Tuesday.
Dawn Abriel: And what you're going to pay attention to is how long your medicine last but it takes two or three days before you even know it takes that long for you to get a steady
Dawn Abriel: Amount in your bloodstream for us to know what you need. So just pay attention. Oh yeah, I got a guy to runny nose, it started about midnight, and I woke up and I really needed my medicine, something like that.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, okay.
Dawn Abriel: So we're going to start you on one strip
Dawn Abriel: If, by chance, that's too much medicine, you'll know because you'll get sleepy.
Dawn Abriel: If you're sleepy then cut it in half and take half and see, see how that last if that doesn't last enough then take
Dawn Abriel: Three quarters.
Dawn Abriel: The next morning.
Dawn Abriel: You can you can play with it. Don't take more than I prescribed because that'll get you in trouble with your preparation.
LML211BL: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: If you're having trouble with anything, you can always go to the virtual clinic and say, I need to get in touch with the doc and they will message me they've got lots of ways to get ahold of me so
Dawn Abriel: Tell them I'm you know I'm brand new to the program. And I'm really having trouble.
Dawn Abriel: And they will
Dawn Abriel: do their best to get in touch with me. I gotta tell you, though I get up early and I go to bed early, so I don't even like look at messages. After about four or five o'clock. I'm i am i'm spent
Dawn Abriel: So if you've got a problem. Make it
Dawn Abriel: Early in the day. OK.
Dawn Abriel: OK. I don't like leave people hanging, but I also just I'm an old lady, I can't pull it off doing those long hours anymore.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I by law. I have to send you some Narcan and it's the nasal spray just have them around. They save lives, you know, it's people in your position, who are around other addicts that end up saving lives. So don't hesitate to to have it.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: The group is once a week. Tuesdays at noon. Do you have any questions.
LML211BL: No, no, no.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so I'm going to your therapist. Her name is Glenn a beer, and I'm going to be sending you an email. Keep the email I send you because you're going to want to
Dawn Abriel: Refer to it, it'll have some important names and numbers on there that you'll think oh, what was the zoom room number, but it'll be in my email.
Dawn Abriel: And it will have my address in there, it will have my email address. So if, say, you go to virtual clinic and you've waited a half an hour and you're just frustrated you can email me.
Dawn Abriel: And maybe, maybe I will be around to see it. And I can't guarantee that. But often when people get frustrated. We've had a really huge number of new people because of the coronavirus because the clinics have shut down and all the clinics now are sending their people to us so
Dawn Abriel: The care coordinators are a little overwhelmed.
LML211BL: So let's you email.
Dawn Abriel: You'll get it. I will send you. I will say,
Dawn Abriel: Email. So you'll have it right
LML211BL: I am a little bit not feeling that great again.
Dawn Abriel: Of course I am used to this. People are either stoned or in withdrawal so i i know it both ways. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And, you know, to take the strip under your tongue.
Dawn Abriel: You must not smoke before you take yourself if you do, you won't be getting the medicine cigarettes cause all your blood vessels to cramp down. This is why it's so
Dawn Abriel: Dangerous for your health. Because the damage it does by having your blood vessels all cramp down. And what you're doing is you're you're absorbing the medicine under your tongue, there's a
Dawn Abriel: big network of blood vessels under there. And that's how you get it into your system. But if you smoke beforehand and cramp those down. You won't be getting the full eight milligrams of medicine.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, what most people do is they wake up, they take their sub they were to that nasty taste in their mouth for at least two minutes and then they go brush their teeth and had breakfast or whatever but
Dawn Abriel: Anyway,
Dawn Abriel: And I will write to the prescription and just a couple of minutes. As soon as we get off.
LML211BL: Okay, thank you.
Dawn Abriel: You're so welcome. It was nice meeting you and I'm the doctor for that Tuesday I want to keep all the life link people to myself right now until we get this worked out well when did you first contact bright heart health. How many days ago.
LML211BL: In three days ago. So it's pretty quick.
Dawn Abriel: Not too bad. Yeah, I was hoping to make it less than 24 hours, but we haven't been able to pull it off yet, mostly because people can't get in and do all the assessments and we need those before we can see if it's appropriate to do an outpatient care.
LML211BL: Yeah, I probably would have been able to get into an appointment with you yesterday by I had gone to sleep. Really, really, they and I was like, mostly asleep until like four
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. All right.
LML211BL: I'm feeling good either. You know,
Dawn Abriel: Exactly. Alright, I will write your medicine for you and
Dawn Abriel: Unless you have any other questions, you can. Oh.
Dawn Abriel: I want to tell you that
Dawn Abriel: You see on the bottom where where it says, L, M. L.
BL
Dawn Abriel: Do you see on mine. It says, My name.
LML211BL: Oh, you mean where my name is up.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, where it should be.
Dawn Abriel: Well, let me just tell you
LML211BL: Yeah, when
Dawn Abriel: When you get done with me. You're going to go back to the virtual clinic and when you after you type in the number for the virtual clinic.
Dawn Abriel: Zoom room. There's a place where it will say LM L DL type your name in there because that's the only way you'll get credit for showing up for for group.
Dawn Abriel: If they have to be able to read your name on zoom
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. And if you have trouble. Just ask. Ask the virtual clinic people. They're there for you. They are your care navigators so make them navigate you through the problems.
Dawn Abriel: All right.
LML211BL: I did have one, one question. Um, I don't have an idea at the moment is not going to be a problem getting out the prescription, but I do in fact how my jail idea that would work.
Dawn Abriel: I don't know. You might have to call
Dawn Abriel: The pharmacy and asked him if your jail ID would work if not someone at life link will probably have to go get it for you.
LML211BL: Okay.
LML211BL: All right.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, that was a good question.
Dawn Abriel: I know lots of people don't have ID so
LML211BL: Yes, thank you.
Dawn Abriel: You're so welcome.
Dawn Abriel: I'll see you later.
LML211BL: Bye bye. Thank you.
Bye bye.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I tried using the templates for this one.
Dawn Abriel: We'll see how it goes.
Dawn Abriel: There was no p and p
Dawn Abriel: No prescription monitor
Dawn Abriel: That I could find.
Dawn Abriel: And let's see.
Dawn Abriel: Nothing from this quickly.